
Achivements + successes

Give an example of a time that you improved or optimized a process that was outdated.
What professional achievements are you most proud of?


Creative

Tell me about a time you gave a creative solution to a problem.
How do you find inspiration to produce a piece of work?
If I asked you to tell me one new idea we can implement into our product/website/services, what would you tell me?


Comms

Describe a situation where you had to explain a complex concept to a coworker or client.
Tell me about a time when you successfully persuaded someone to see things your way.
What do you do when someone challenges your ideas?
How would your past coworkers describe your interactions with them? Why would they describe them this way?
What kind of people do you have trouble interacting with? How do you deal with them?
Have you ever worked with someone you struggled to communicate with? If so, what was the obstacle and how did you handle it?
Describe a time you had to share bad news with your team or have a difficult conversation with a coworker.
Describe a situation where you had to resolve a conflict within your team.
Give an example of how you’ve supported and motivated others.
Describe a time you made an unpopular decision. How did you handle the feedback? How would you have handled the situation differently?
Describe a time when you had to convince your manager to try a different approach to solve a problem.



Projects


Please give an example of a project that you owned and what the process was like from start to finish.
Please detail an example of a time that you have delivered on multiple projects in a fast-paced, high-pressure environment.


Collaboration

Tell me about a time you had to deal with a difficult colleague/stakeholder.
How would your manager describe you?
What does collaboration mean to you?
What is the most meaningful feedback you have received?
Describe a group project you worked on. What was your role and what did you achieve?
Has your team ever failed to reach a goal? If so, what went wrong and what did you learn from that experience?
How do you handle working with a team that has diverse perspectives?
How do you contribute to a positive team environment?
How do you evaluate the success of your team?
How do you deal with conflict?
Imagine you have submitted a piece of work that you thought was finished, but a colleague returns it to you with multiple corrections and comments that would take you hours to address. What would you do?



Adapt

Can you tell me about a time when you had to adapt to a significant change at work?
Tell me about a time when you had to lead a project with little to no direction.
Tell me about a time when the scope of a project you were working on changed significantly. How did you adjust your work and what did you do to ensure your team stayed motivated?
What would you do if you were asked to perform a task you have never done before?


Challenges

Give an example of a time when you handled a major crisis.
Give us an example of a time when you faced an ethical dilemma.
What do you do when a decision is being made that you disagree with?
Should you get hired, what do you think would be most challenging in this role?
Have you ever missed a deadline? What would you do differently next time?
Tell me about a project/challenge that was  complex and difficult to push to fruition.
Can you describe a difficult time that you or your team went through?
Can you describe a past project/challenge that was not successful?
Maintaining high standards and keen attention to detail in a fast-paced environment can be challenging. How have you dealt with this previously?
Describe a situation where you faced serious challenges in doing your job efficiently. What were the challenges, and how did you overcome them?



Decision-making

Do you usually make better decisions alone or with a group? Why? When do you ask for help?
You want your manager to buy a new software that will help your work and you’re trying to choose between two options. The first is more expensive, but has better reviews and the second has fewer features, but is within budget. Which one would you recommend and how?
Tell me about a time you had to make a decision with incomplete information. What did you do?
During a live presentation to key stakeholders, you spot a mistake in your manager’s report, but your manager isn’t at the presentation. How do you handle this?
How do you assess the risks when making a decision?



Problem-solving

What would you do if a client complained?
Give an example of your lateral thinking.
Reflecting on your experience, do you have an example of when looking back you would have approached a situation in a different manner?
Tell me about a time you predicted a problem with a stakeholder. How did you prevent it from escalating?
How do you know when to solve a problem on your own or to ask for help?
How do you approach a situation where you don’t have all the answers?
Describe a time when you had to think outside the box to solve a problem.
Tell me about a time you made a mistake in your problem-solving process and how you corrected it.
How do you ensure that a solution is both effective and efficient?



Prioritisation

How do you manage your time and prioritise tasks?
How do you prioritize issues when multiple problems arise simultaneously?


Leadership

What’s your approach to delegating work to employees? How do you ensure that tasks are completed?
How would you describe your management style?
Tell me about a time you had to deal with a team member who constantly opposed your ideas. How did you handle it?
How do you evaluate the success of your team?



Drivers

What motivates you?
Give an example of a time when you showed initiative.
How do you stay motivated when your job requires repetitive tasks?
How do your career goals align with this position?



Soft skills

What would you do if your team rejected all of your ideas?
If you’re presenting ideas during a meeting and your audience seems disengaged, what would you do to get their attention?
Describe a time you fell behind schedule. What went wrong and what would you do differently next time?
Please provide an example of how you have taken responsibility, after making an error/oversight in a professional setting.
How do you motivate your team members during challenging projects? Please give an example from your experience.



Values + Culture

If you discovered your supervisor was breaking the company’s code of conduct, what would you do?
What would you do if your manager gave you a seemingly impossible task with a tight deadline?
Describe the type of work environment in which you are most productive.
What’s one thing you like about your current (or prior) job and you’d want here as well?
What do you hope to achieve during your first six months here?
Which was your favorite team to work with in your current or previous jobs and why?
What do you know about our company culture, and why do you think you would fit in?
What do you like about our company from what you’ve learned so far during the hiring process?



General


If you were a superhero, what would your superpower be?
If you could have dinner with three people, who would they be and why?
What would you do if you won the lottery?
If you were an interviewer, what do you think the three most important criteria would be for hiring someone for this position?
How would you describe yourself in 3 words?
If you were successful in the process, where would you require the most support in?
How do your career goals align with this position?


